# PDF Map Accessibility (pdf_map_accessibility)
A repository of PDF maps and documentation around implementing and testing accessibility, in particular with regard to tagging maps as figures within Adobe Pro.

This repository contains:
- PDF maps generated by various mapping programs
- PDF maps tagged by various document programs, such as Adobe Acrobat
- documentation (or links to documentation) on how to export PDF maps from various mapping programs to aid with accessibility, and how to tag the exported documents to increase accessibility

## Folders
1. arcgis_pro - example documents for PDF creation and tagging documents created by ArcGIS Pro. See readme within folder for more details
2. data - Common data referenced to create mapping projects and documents.
3. qgis - example documents for PDF creation and tagging documents created by QGIS. See readme within folder for more details.

## Contributing
The repo's [primary author](https://github.com/mmdolbow) has limited access to newer versions of map-making software. If you have access to newer versions and would like to contribute, please make a pull request, preferably with a new branch that has your software version noted in it.

### Archive Branches
Now that we are updating this slowly over time with new software versions, we're creating an "archive_...." branch before pushing updates to master with newer versions. This way we can go back in time and compare how things looked in the past as necessary.

## Note
Please note that this repo is primarily about tagging of figures using the technique described in [Tagging Maps with Acrobat Professional](https://mn.gov/mnit/assets/map-tagging-acrobat-professional_tcm38-382613.pdf) (see page 3). It is NOT about "making the map accessible", which is a much bigger topic. So, that's why we're focusing on a very simple map and title - we fully understand that a complete / fully accessible map would likely include a table of the data (regions) shown.
